feat: document using compressed files (#656)
opensafely/documentation: docs/actions-cohortextractor.md

  outputs:
    highly_sensitive:
      data: output/input.csv.gz
```

> Running the action with `opensafely run generate_study_population` will create the file `output/input.csv.gz`. The file is compressed by default to reduce storage space required and improve performance in the backend.  If you need to view the csv locally for debugging your code, running `gunzip output/input.csv.gz` in a terminal should give you a plain `.csv` to view.

Reviewer: `gunzip` isn't installed on Windows by default

Author: gunzip is installed with git-bash, which currently recommend

Reviewer: s/in a terminal/in a git-bash terminal ?

Reviewer: or is that now too Windows-specific?

Author: `in a terminal (using git-bash on windows)` ?

Author: Not the idea that we might have an `opensafely preview` command to do this natively

Author: I have added and documented using `opensafely unzip` to view csv's locally

> Running the action with `opensafely run generate_study_population` will create the file `output/input.csv.gz`. The file is compressed by default to reduce storage space required and improve performance in the backend.  If you need to view the csv locally for debugging your code, running `gunzip output/input.csv.gz` in a terminal (use git-bash in windows) should give you a plain `.csv` to view.

Reviewer 2: suggestion: Maybe make the advice stand out from the background information?

```suggestion
Running the action with `opensafely run generate_study_population` will create the file `output/input.csv.gz`. This `.csv.gz` file is compressed to reduce storage space and improve performance in the OpenSAFELY backend.  

!!! note
    To retrieve the uncompressed `.csv` from the `.csv.gz`, run `gunzip output/input.csv.gz` via:
    * `git-bash` on Windows
    * a terminal on MacOS or Linux
```

The size of the dummy dataset is determined by the `population_size` option [in the `project.yaml`](actions-pipelines.md#project-yaml-format).

Running the action again will overwrite the existing dataset with a new one (check the file's _modified_ date) which will contain different data than previously (even if the `study_definition.py` didn't change) because the values are randomly generated.

> Beware that on Windows, you can't have `input.csv.gz` open and generate a new one at the same time.

Reviewer 2: suggestion: Not your content, but we could change this while we're here to stand out too:

```suggestion

!!! warning
    On Windows, you can't have `input.csv.gz` open and generate a new `input.csv.gz` at the same time.
```

Author: Hmm, I think this actually needs changing. Given that they will likely never have a input.csv.gz open anymore, as they will be looking at the uncompressed `input.csv`, maybe the whole thing should go?

Reviewer 2: :arrow_up: I also thought that too. I don't know if other users might do something like "open in a GUI app" which might lock the file?

But feel free to remove it, if you don't think it's needed.

Author: I've removed it.
